Since 2007, a diverse group of Pittsburgh’s educators, funders, academics, and citizens—known as the Remake Learning Network—has emerged to exchange ideas and implement strategies to enhance the region’s learning ecosystem. These efforts have provided the region’s children and youth with novel, engaging, and relevant learning opportunities that help them thrive in school, college, and the workforce. Indeed, what began with small, informal discussions has blossomed into a full-fledged movement.

The Remake Learning Playbook is The Sprout Fund’s ambitious effort to open source the project code for learning innovation ecosystems. The Playbook captures the spirit and substance of the Remake Learning Network in action. It covers the theory and practice of building learning innovation networks, the resources and strategies required to put networks into action, and the impact of the network in schools, museums, libraries, communities, and more.

Join this web event to learn more about the Playbook, its tools and resources, and how to begin to remake learning in your own community!

The Remake Learning Playbook contains practical and actionable information to help others implement new and innovative learning practices, including:
> Strategies and tactics for starting, building, and sustaining collaborative innovation networks
> Multimedia case studies on successful learning innovation initiatives happening both in school and out-of-school
> Voices of more than 20 Pittsburgh learning innovators including teachers, librarians, ed-tech developers, and philanthropists.
> A customizable advocacy kit that readers can use to make the case for learning innovation in their community. 
> A web app that allows users to leverage the strategies articulated in the Playbook and build a ‘Gameplan’ for creating their own learning innovation network.

The Remake Learning Playbook is a resource enabling communities around the world to benefit from the experiences of the Remake Learning Network to explore an exciting new channel of open innovation. 
